You've written about and made the case that we should take U of full sightings
more seriously. So that's one of the things that, uh,
I've been, um, in,
on data with sort of the excitement and the passion
that people have for the possibility of extraterrestrial life
of life, out there in the universe.
I've always felt this excitement of just looking up with the stars and wondering
what the hell's out there. Uh, but there's people that have more like, uh, more,
uh, grounded excitement and passion of actually interacting with, uh,
with aliens on this. Here are it,
what's the case that,
from your perspective for taking these sightings more seriously.
The data from the Navy to me seem quite serious.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't pretend that I have the technical abilities to
judge it as data,
but there are numerous senators at the very highest of levels.
Former heads of CIA Brennan. I talked to him, did an interview with him.
I asked him what's up with these <laugh> what do you think it is?
He basically said that was the single most likely explanation was of alien
origin. Now you don't have to agree with him, but look,
if you know how government works, these senators or Hillary Clinton for that,
or Brandon, they sat down, they were briefed by their smartest people.
And they said, Hey, what's going on here? And everyone around the table,
I believe is telling them,
we don't know mm-hmm <affirmative> and that is sociological data.
I take very seriously. I have not seen a debunking of the technical data.
Yes. Which is I would reports and images and radar again, at a technical level.
I, I feel quite uncertain on that turf,
but evaluating of the testimony of witnesses,
it seems to me it's now at a threshold where one ought to take it seriously.
Yeah. There's a,
one of the problems with the UFO sightings is that because of people with good
equipment, it don't take it seriously.
It's such a taboo topic that you have just like really
equipment collecting data <laugh>.
And so you have the blurry Bigfoot kind of situation where you have just bad
video and all those kinds of things, as opposed to, um, I mean,
there's a bunch of, uh, people, uh, I low from Harvard,
uh, talking about am Mo it's.
It's just like people with the equipment to do the data
collection don't want to help out.
And that creates a kind of divide where the scientists
ignore that this is happening.
And there's the mass of people who are curious about it.
And then there's the government that's full of secrets.
That's leaking some confusion and it creates distrust
in the government.
It creates distrust in science and it prevents the scientists from being able
to explore some cool topics,
some exciting possibilities that they should be. Be curious, kids like a talks.
About, even if it has nothing to do with aliens. Yeah. Whatever the answer is.
It has to be something fascinating. Yeah. We already know things interesting,
but this is fascinating. <laugh> uh, but look that all said, I,
I suspect they're not alien origin and let's, let me tell you my reason,
the people who are all gung ho,
they do a kind of reasoning in reverse or argument from elimination.
They figure out a bunch of things that can't be like,
is it a Russian advanced vehicle? Mm-hmm,
<affirmative> probably pretty good arguments there.
Is it a Chinese advanced vehicle? No.
Is it people like from the Earth's future coming back in time? No.
And they go through a few others, they have some really good,
no arguments then they're like, well, what we've got left is aliens. Yeah.
This argument from elimination, I don't actually find that persuasive.
You can talk yourself into a lot of mistaken ideas that way. Yeah.
The positive evidence that it's aliens is still quite weak.
The positive evidence that it's a puzzle is quite huge.
And the, and the, whatever the solution to the puzzle is,
it might be fascinating.
And it's gonna be so weird or fascinating, or maybe even trivial,
but that's weird in its own way that we can't set up
by elimination, all the things that might be able to be. Yeah.
And just like you said,
the debunking that I've seen of these kinds of things are
less, um,
explorations and solutions to the puzzle and more a kind of have hearted
dismissal.
And are the, as you mentioned to him on your podcast with him,
he's been attacked an awful lot. Mm-hmm <affirmative>.
And when I hear the idea carrier attacked, I get very suspicious of the critics.
Uh, if, if he's wrong, like just tell me why. Yeah. Like my ears are open.
I don't have a set view on O Mo Mo you know, I,
I know I can't judge Abby's arguments. He can't convince me in that sense.
I'm too stupid to understand how good his argument may or may not be.
And not like you said, ultimately in the argument is, uh,
in the,
in the meeting of that debate is when we've where we find the wisdom like
dismissing it.
That's one of the thing that Charles there's a bunch of people like Nisha,
sometimes this way, I'm Rand is sometimes dismissed this way. Oh, here we go.
Like the, the there's a as opposed to arguing against her ideas,
dismissing it outright. And that, that does, that's not productive at all.
Uh, she may be wrong in a lot of things, but like laying out some arguments,
even if they're basic human arguments, uh that's.
That's where we arrive at the wisdom. I love that.